c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\bin\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.exe.config
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\bin\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.exe
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\bin\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.pdb
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.ENGINEER_PROFILE.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.USER_ANDCAR_INFO.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.USER_PROFILE.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.USER_REGISTER.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.login.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.exe
c:\users\mostafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.pdb
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.nearstservies.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.car_damage.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.engineer_diagnoise.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.car_history.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.eng_reg.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.admin_profil.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.edit_engineer_data.resources
C:\Users\Mostafa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION\obj\Debug\CAR_DIAGANOSE_APPLICATION.edit_service_data.resources
